
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. - Will Rogers

--

A friend will always bail you out of jail. A best friend will be sitting next to you saying "That was so f****** cool!"  - Anonymous

--

Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. -- Anonymous

--

"There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics." -- Popularized by Mark Twain

--

"To invest successfully over a lifetime does not require a stratospheric IQ, unusual business insights or inside information. What's needed is a sound intellectual framework for making decisions and the ability to keep emotions from corroding that framework." - Warren Buffett

--

"If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out." - Rabindranath Tagore

--

"The way to make money in the stock market is to buy good stocks. Hold them until they go up. And if they don’t go up, don’t buy them!" - Will Rogers

--

"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen". - Albert Einstein

--

The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot

--

“Failure is only permanent if you never start again. I fail on a daily basis.” – Joshua Bowen

--

It's not about money, it's about mindset - Anonymous

--

The Stock market is a market of stocks and not a stock market. - Chuck Carnevale

++

"One of the old-timer members, a military veteran, went on to a successful career and became financially independent in the early 1980s. 
He decided to stop working, but he was concerned about setting a good example for his teenage daughter so he decided to demonstrate the
virtues of work. Each morning he’d get up, shave, dress up in coat & tie, and be at the breakfast table to greet her as she got ready for
school. He’d drive off “for work” before she caught the school bus. He’d hang out at the local coffee shop until she was clear, and then 
he’d return home to change clothes and enjoy his retirement day his way. This continued until she left for college.

Two decades later he confessed this subterfuge to his adult daughter, and she laughed at him. She said that she’d never noticed what he 
was doing because she was too totally wrapped up in her teenage life (with its drama & angst) to notice what her Dad was doing with his
time. She said that even if she’d noticed, she was still too busy with her own drama & angst to care. She never noticed or cared what
kind of employment example he was setting. All she really cared about was him being there when she needed him.

- http://the-military-guide.com/im-setting-a-good-example-by-working-at-a-job/

++

"Money doesn't buy happiness, it buys freedom, and through freedom you experience happiness" - Sam/Jupiter on MMM fourms

++

Q: Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well?
A: They have a common enemy.
- Anonymous

++

I think Santa might upgrade his "Nice=Toys, Naughty=Coal" list to look more like this:

Lawful Nice = Whatever toys you asked for
Neutral Nice = The most popular toys this year
Chaotic Nice = Educational toys
Lawful Neutral = Toys meant to promote socializing
True Neutral = "Pharmacy toy aisle" toys
Chaotic Neutral = Toys that aren't flammable
Lawful Naughty = Socks and underwear
Neutral Naughty = Coal
Chaotic Naughty = Krampus
- Josh the Ar-TEEST

++

People may complain about Millennials, but ultimately the ones complaining are the ones who created the problem.  - JLee on MMM fourms

++

Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. - Benjamin Franklin

++

Family IS important - their THINGS are not. - Frankies Girl on MMM Forums

++

Some people are born into families that encourage education; others are against it. Some are born into flourishing economies encouraging of entrepreneurship; others are born into war and destitution. 
I want you to be successful, and I want you to earn it. But realize that not all success is due to hard work, and not all poverty is due to laziness. Keep this in mind when judging people, 
including yourself. 
- Morgan Housel

++

Well, there was one old chap who was not like the others. To begin with, he was a much older man. Another thing was that he never volunteered advice and never bragged of his winnings. He was a great hand
 for listening very attentively to the others.
He did not seem very keen to get tips that is, he never asked the talkers what they’d heard or what they knew. But when somebody gave him one he always thanked the tipster very politely. Sometimes he
 thanked the tipster again when the tip turned out O.K. But if it went wrong he never whined, so that nobody could tell whether he followed it or let it slide by. It was a legend of the office that the
 old jigger was rich and could swing quite a line. But he wasn’t donating much to the firm in the way of commissions; at least not that anyone could see. His name was Partridge, but they nicknamed him
 Turkey behind his back, because he was so thick-chested and had a habit of strutting about the various rooms, with the point of his chin resting on his breast.

The customers, who were all eager to be shoved and forced into doing things so as to lay the blame for failure on others, used to go to old Partridge and tell him what some friend of a friend of an
 insider had advised them to do in a certain stock. They would tell him what they had not done with the tip so he would tell them what they ought to do. But whether the tip they had was to buy or to sell,
 the old chap’s answer was always the same.

The customer would finish the tale of his perplexity and then ask: “What do you think I ought to do?”
Old Turkey would cock his head to one side, contemplate his fellow customer with a fatherly smile, and finally he would say very impressively, “You know, it’s a bull market!”

Time and again I heard him say, “Well, this is a bull market, you know!” as though he were giving to you a priceless talisman wrapped up in a million-dollar accident insurance policy. And of course I did
 not get his meaning.

One day a fellow named Elmer Harwood rushed into the office, wrote out an order and gave it to the clerk. Then he rushed over to where Mr. Partridge was listening politely to John Fanning’s story of the
 time he overheard Keene give an order to one of his brokers and all that John made was a measly three points on a hundred shares and of course the stock had to go up twenty-four points in three days
 right after John sold out. It was at least the fourth time that John had told him that tale of woe, but old Turkey was smiling as sympathetically as if it was the first time he heard it.

Well, Elmer made for the old man and, without a word of apology to John Fanning, told Turkey, “Mr. Partridge, I have just sold my Climax Motors. My people say the market is entitled to a reaction and that
 I’ll be able to buy it back cheaper. So you’d better do likewise. That is, if you’ve still got yours.”

Elmer looked suspiciously at the man to whom he had given the original tip to buy. The amateur, or gratuitous, tipster always thinks he owns the receiver of his tip body and soul, even before he knows how
 the tip is going to turn out. “Yes, Mr. Harwood, I still have it. Of course!” said Turkey gratefully. It was nice of Elmer to think of the old chap. “Well, now is the time to take your profit and get in
 again on the next dip,” said Elmer, as if he had just made out the deposit slip for the old man.

Failing to perceive enthusiastic gratitude in the beneficiary’s face Elmer went on: “I have just sold every share I owned!”
From his voice and manner you would have conservatively estimated it at ten thousand shares. But Mr. Partridge shook his head regretfully and whined, “No! No! I can’t do that!”
“What?” yelled Elmer.
“I simply can’t!” said Mr. Partridge. He was in great trouble.
“Didn’t I give you the tip to buy it?”
“You did, Mr. Harwood, and I am very grateful to you. Indeed, I am, sir. But ”
“Hold on! Let me talk! And didn’t that stock go op seven points in ten days? Didn’t it?”
“It did, and I am much obliged to you, my dear boy. But I couldn’t think of selling that
stock.”
“You couldn’t?” asked Elmer, beginning to look doubtful himself. It is a habit with most
tip givers to be tip takers.
“No, I couldn’t.”
“Why not?” And Elmer drew nearer.
“Why, this is a bull market!” The old fellow said it as though he had given a long and
detailed explanation.
“That’s all right,” said Elmer, looking angry because of his disappointment. “I know this is a bull market as well as you do. But you’d better slip them that stock of yours and buy it back on the
 reaction. You might as well reduce the cost to yourself.”
“My dear boy,” said old Partridge, in great distress “my dear boy, if I sold that stock now I’d lose my position; and then where would I be?”
Elmer Harwood threw up his hands, shook his head and walked over to me to get sympathy: “Can you beat it?” he asked me in a stage whisper. “I ask you!”

I didn’t say anything. So he went on: “I give him a tip on Climax Motors. He buys five hundred shares. He’s got seven points’ profit and I advise him to get out and buy ’em back on the reaction that’s
 overdue even now. And what does he say when I tell him? He says that if he sells he’ll lose his job. What do you know about that?”

“I beg your pardon, Mr. Harwood; I didn’t say I’d lose my job,” cut in old Turkey. “I said I’d lose my position. And when you are as old as I am and you’ve been through as many booms and panics as I have,
 you’ll know that to lose your position is something nobody can afford; not even John D. Rockefeller. I hope the stock reacts and that you will be able to repurchase your line at a substantial concession,
 sir. But I myself can only trade in accordance with the experience of many years. I paid a high price for it and I don’t feel like throwing away a second tuition fee. But I am as much obliged to you as
 if I had the money in the bank. It’s a bull market, you know.” And he strutted away, leaving Elmer dazed.

What old Mr. Partridge said did not mean much to me until I began to think about my own numerous failures to make as much money as I ought to when I was so right on the general market. The more I studied
 the more I realized how wise that old chap was. He had evidently suffered from the same defect in his young days and knew his own human weaknesses. He would not lay himself open to a temptation that
 experience had taught him was hard to resist and had always proved expensive to him, as it was to me.

I think it was a long step forward in my trading education when I realized at last that when old Mr. Partridge kept on telling the other customers, “Well, you know this is a bull market!” he really meant
 to tell them that the big money was not in the individual fluctuations but in the main movements that is, not in reading the tape but in sizing up the entire market and its trend.

And right here let me say one thing: After spending many years in Wall Street and after making and losing millions of dollars I want to tell you this: It never was my thinking that made the big money for
 me. It always was my sitting. Got that? My sitting tight! It is no trick at all to be right on the market. You always find lots of early bulls in bull markets and early bears in bear markets. I’ve known
 many men who were right at exactly the right time, and began buying or selling stocks when prices were at the very level which should show the greatest profit. And their experience invariably matched
 mine that is, they made no real money out of it. Men who can both be right and sit tight are uncommon. I found it one of the hardest things to learn. But it is only after a stock operator has firmly
 grasped this that he can make big money. It is literally true that millions come easier to a trader after he knows how to trade than hundreds did in the days of his ignorance.

The reason is that a man may see straight and clearly and yet become impatient or doubtful when the market takes its time about doing as he figured it must do. That is why so many men in Wall Street, who
 are not at all in the sucker class, not even in the third grade, nevertheless lose money. The market does not beat them. They beat themselves, because though they have brains they cannot sit tight. Old
 Turkey was dead right in doing and saying what he did. He had not only the courage of his convictions but the intelligent patience to sit tight.
-- Jesse Livermore

++

Everyone complains that Financial Independence is only for people with very high incomes. It’s not. Because really it comes down to honing a rare skill, that is equally difficult to learn for most: The skill is deciding NOT to buy it, even when you DO have the money for it.
-- MMM

++

You know what's just occurred to me is that a wealthier, older generation spent the last ten years telling less wealthy people in their twenties that if we stopped eating avocado toast, skipped out on Starbucks, and saved that money we could get ahead in life.
And now that we're actually doing it, the same generation is telling us that saving more and spending less will never be enough to get ahead, and we should just try to make the best of the moment.
-- Nicholas Carter - 2018  MMM Forums

++


My partner Charlie says there is only three ways a smart person can go broke: liquor, ladies and leverage...Now the truth is - the first two he just added because they started with L - it's leverage. - Warren Buffett

++


"There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves." - Will Rogers

++

One thing our society demands is to understand your money. If you don’t, others will play you for a fool your entire life. But, as you learn to manage your money, you learn to manage yourself. All the other aspects of your life gain power as a result of mastering money. - FIREby35 MMM forums

++

This idea of purity, and you're never compromised, and you're always politically woke, and all that stuff, you should get over that quickly.  The world is messy. There are ambiguities. People who do really good stuff have flaws. - Barack Obama

++

Good health, longevity, happiness, a loving family, self-reliance, fine friends . .. if you [have] five, you're a rich man.  Pg 208 The Millionaire Next Door.
